# Week 1

We formed a group during the tutorial. We decided to do the
chatbot project. I am the scrum master. We also brainstormed features for the project
in the second half of the project.

# Week 2

We finalised the the features and started to populate the features with
user stories. after the user stories are finalised, I started the draw
the stroyboard on balsamiq. We also decided the the tech we are going to use
for the project.

# Week 3

We have finalised and submit the proposal. We also disccused the assignments of user stories.

# Week 4

I started to work on the frontend. By the end od the week, The basic UI for
login page and register is done. I also finished flask backend for user authentication and logout

# Week 5

I hooked up business logics for symptom checker. Once a diagnosis session started, all the
requests will be send to the diagnosis endpoint directly

# Week 7

I started to work on the components for responses to be rendered in the list (e.g. news / clinics
...) I also finished chat history by moving it to a dedicated page. I also managed to finish the
shortcuts bar

# Week 8

I finished hooking up the beckend and frontend. I also rewrote the web scraper for covid-19 hotspots. So instead of looping through all the tables and find the right one. It find the table for a specific state using css selectors. The covid checker is also hooked up

# Week 9

In this week I created new pages of frontned for doctors to view patients' request and patients to create tickets
for requesting doctor's help and connected the new page with the frontend. I also added a welcome message if the chat history is empty.
Finally, I created components for rendering Isolation tips and vaccination info and added fixed a bug causing diagnosis is not
stored in the history.
